This dress was given to me by Mr. Ji.
You are so full of lies!
This dress is clearly only one in the world
It's the engagement dress I gave to Yingying
Your piece is clearly a counterfeit.
How could we Yanting give away counterfeit goods?
Then I won't disturb everyone's Yaxing
I'm sorry I left first, do you still want to go?
Vehicles with iron stalls
It's really hard to say
What kind of person wears what kind of clothes?
Su Ran, do you think you are wearing a high imitation?
Will people look up at you?
What do you compare with Yingying?
Don't embarrass yourself here
Someone please ask Miss Su out
No, I can go by myself.
Don't you think it's too much to bully people like this?
Yan Ting
This banquet is for the two of us
You can't leave me
What are you?
Yan Ting, are you really going to do it for this woman?
Give up the engagement with grandpa?
Susan, you made me lose face
I will no longer be merciful to you
Get in the car and I'll take you back
No need, I'll take a taxi by myself, don't force me to get in the car
keep up